I would like to create a multipurpose python program that has a bar on the top with buttons on it that are do things, beneath it, there is an interactable window that supports typing characters into it(monitors and inputs keystrokes), and also monitors mouse position, clicking, and scrolling. This interactable window contains a continuous stream of screenshots of the desktop, is cross-platform(can run on windows and linux), and when you click in the window on an area of the screenshot, it mirrors it on the main window where the screenshot is coming from.

The list of buttons on the top menu are as follows: Select regions(The user draws a rectangle(from any direction, top left to bottom right, top right to bottom left, bottom left to top right, or bottom right to top left) which is yellow in color, and gets saved in an array. The user presses f8 to denote one corner, and pressing it again determines the other corner. Inside the rectangle centered is a number which corresponds to the array location of the region(first rectangle is 0, second is 1, etc). There are up to 100 rectangles that can be monitored. This array should be stored in a text file called areasofinterest. This button should also be a checkbox, that when checked, grays out other buttons other than itself, and when unchecked, ungrays the other buttons.) Next button is save regions, which publishes this array to the file areasofinterest. Next button is Take Pictures of Regions, which takes the screenshot of the areas designated in the rectangles. Next button is Clear selections, which clears the array of rectangles from the program, but doesn't empty the text file areasofinterest. Next button turns off the display of the photostream, so the last screenshot taken is the last thing displayed. The next button is Open command window, which will be described later. This button opens a new window without closing the main program window, and when closed, doesn't effect the main window.

When pictures are taken of individual regions, those pictures should be stored in their respective array numbered folders, so pictures of array 0 get put in a folder named 0, array 1 in folder 1, etc.

There should be a method that that allows us to create custom filters for opencv, in HSV space, with upper and lower values selectable for each HSV value, these filters should be saved in a file for later use by the user by assigning the filter to be interpreted over specific folder types. So when we get a photo from array 0, we should be able to specify that all photos from array 0 should be interpreted after using the filter we want.

